motivation, visualising the future, finding something to care about, planning and dreaming something that excites you, logic, ethics, mnemonics, the amplifier & multiplier.
How old are they?
Ask them about their friends.
Talk about things that interest them.
Buy a family game of conversation starters. ...
Have a real conversation with them by treating them like little adults, not baby talk.
Ask them about the books they read, shows they watch, and games they play.
Live in the moment because you will never be there again. Start with finding out what they love to do. What are their dreams. What are their fears. Tell them about your life growing up . What the world was like for you.
Empathy: I believe its absolutely necessary to inculcate in children a strong sense of compassion towards others, towards earth and its creatures. So, talking about how we react to and respond to those different from us: of another race, another species, those with special needs/differently-abled, economically disadvantaged etc. will go a long way towards eliminating racism, bullying, factory farming and the like.
Self-talk: Children need to talk about their little successes and failures. Working through them in a healthy way, without beating oneself up, without shame, anger or resentment, without feeling too discouraged or developing that dreaded “I’m not good enough” belief that adults usually struggle with requires a positively motivated childhood.
Life Goals: Parents usually push children to do well academically, to find the most financially rewarding career out there. That’s practical. But children need to know that the inner journey is more important than the outer. The pursuit of peace and happiness, wisdom and love- the measure of success is determined more by these than what you own. Children won’t realize that unless their own parents live lives that respect these values, and talk to them about it. I strongly believe that children need to be shown how to re-define ’success’ because what society is currently showing them is unhealthy.


day to day
speech


issues
-30% of the time he obeys instructions
trying to refrain from shouting and disiplining him as it will not help as cognition is not aligned with his parents sometimes

-responding to people
-acknowleging people
-expressing himself
-communicating

very inquisitive with his hands

----------------
nenyi verbal communication (incorrect sentence constuction and mumbling at the end of sentences)
best time to learn is at his age.....
introduce 2nd language
which topics is identified as hes good at
which sports is identified as hes good at




kids activity plan - find venues
recipies (autism friendly) from bread etc


edu morals, standards
mould
college
1st seen ......submissive,feminie

kids were ill didnt tell me till after

safest place for kids

no respect, no cooperation

convince shes alone

no possible

strategically get her 2 come 4 a yr

responsible for kids
safeset place for kids
whats best 4 me
power


cant chase woman who not coperation


