oval, but to victoria, chek on board and with staff to go to geneva folkstone then boat tto bolounge then train all the way to geneva



g dad openn postoffice, used funds to take mum to winneba



left senya age of 7 and walked on the seadside to winneba with uncle gyachie &
okine anderderson, wend to dadson who worked at ghana post office in winneba, lived next door to the kings hse (ahenfie) age of 7, methodist infant school  

/junior
left win 1949

nyamkron methodoish girls bording sch std 7 finished 1953

then 1954 ashley secaterila coll in accra 1yr didnt complete course

making niice things for my self and if people want

met dad via


and dad would com down from liverpool street
staying in putney

came again while on vacation to stay that time was livin in stockwlll


them moved to brixton rd then to catford (landlord said food smell) then to sydenham to devonshire rod, single room, then 35 whatley rd then melford court then philp walk 1 feb 2010


shorthand typist

vocational sch in osu re

worked at national lotteries for 4 years as a clerical assistant before coming to uk


stayed with a lady named rose who worked at the post office as a telephone operator for 7 yrs, left winneba 14

I left Ghana on November 10th 1964 with British Airways then called British Overseas Airways (BOAC) with student flight. Arrived in London on the 11th of November on a cold winter morning. I immediatlry started work at the Grovensor Hotel as a linen room assistant. I started school (DATE) 1965 at Paris Acadamy School of Fashion 299 Oxford Street, the moved from Grovensor Hotel  to then work at Fashion House Rembrant, Tottenham Court Road, making parts of dresses and was there until I got used to full gowns.

A friend of mine introduced my Ex husband to me. We got engaged the traditionally and we worked together until we were able to buy a house. As soon as we bought a house god blessed us with a boy. I then worked from home for xx years. Then changing career to become a caterer. I went to Lewisham College to study city & guilds 706/1 catering, I continued at Leiths School of Food and Wine and got a Diploma in Food and Wine. After wards I did catering work via an agency until I retired in

venice
paris
florida




gall bladder out 1992

went the yr afta gma died
was sending money for house roof in chenchesu


bus no start up costs as sell items i had in house


aunt h stockwell
sch met dad
quaion sack sis intro dad
came from liverpool 
clapham
brix rd
catfor 190 brownhill
bell green
devonshire rd
unc koo visited



caring for mum 1/9.25