As I am 91 years old and the combination of arthritis, edema and stiff joints causes me severe pain and instability which making walking very difficult.

I'm unable to walk more than approximately 10 to 20 metres before pain, stiffness and exhaustion forces me to stop. 

I walk slowly and my feet scrape the floor. After walking 10 meters i sit on my rollator for 5 minutes to rest before i start again. 

I rely on a walking stick or a four-wheeled rollator at all times for mobility and balance, both indoors and outdoors. 

I have limited flexibility because of my stiff joints, which makes it difficult to lift my feet, which increases my risk of tripping. My chronic edema (swelling) in my lower legs and ankles causes my legs to feel heavy, further restricting my movement, causing discomfort, and making it extremely difficult to enter and exit a vehicle.


The Blue Badge is essential because i have difficulty in walking. Parking close to destinations will ensure Safety, enable Attendance and hopefully manage pain. It is need as now my doctor/hospital appointments are now frequent.






Its effective at avoiding risk, but not effective at enabling me to do normal and sometimes necessary daily activities like attending appointments in person, visiting family and going to the corner shop. The current situation is unsustainable and  limits my quality of life. The Blue Badge is the only measure that would genuinely improve a journey by making the walking distances manageable.











Sometimes my pain intensifies significantly and rapidly when I walk and I have to stop often. I also get tired at the same time due to the walking. 

My reliance on a walking stick/rollator result in poor balance and unsteadiness. The need to navigate long distances in public car parks or on uneven paths make me anxious of falling, making these journeys too dangerous to attempt without close parking.

Getting in and out of my sons car can be extremely difficult and painful. This is made worse in narrow, standard parking spaces where she cannot fully open the door to manoeuvre her legs and use her aids safely.